Add warning about polluting global scope with bindings derivatives (#14508)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/workers/runtime-apis/bindings/_index.md

}
```

You can think of a binding as a permission and an API in one piece. With bindings, you never have to add secret keys or tokens to your Worker in order to access resources on your Cloudflare account — the permission is embedded within the API itself. The underlying secret is never exposed to your Worker's code, and therefore can't be accidentally leaked.

## Making changes to bindings

> When creating a new Worker [version or deployment](/workers/configuration/versions-and-deployments/) and you only include changes to bindings (i.e. you don't change the code of the Worker), be aware that the any currently running Worker isolates may stay "hot" for a potentially long time if they continue to receive traffic. This is an optimization of our platform, allowing Workers to run with a dynamic set of bindings without needing to start a new isolate with every change to bindings. Broadly, this means you can expect better performance when rolling out non-code changes to your Worker.

Author: I think @irvinebroque's  suggestions here were slightly better, so I made a tiny tweak and went with that. If there's something you feel is important in yours, @kodster28, feel free to just re-suggest!

> However, this does mean that you must be careful when "polluting" global scope with derivatives of your bindings. For example, if you create an external client instance which uses a secret API key on `env`, you must ensure that you don't place this client instance in a global scope. If you do, the client instance might continue to exist despite making changes to the secret which is likely undesirable. Instead of polluting global scope, you should create a new client instance for each request, or, if you have more advanced needs, you may want to explore the [AsyncLocalStorage API](/workers/runtime-apis/nodejs/asynclocalstorage/) which provides another mechanism for exposing values down to child execution handlers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This means you should not assign the values of bindings to variables in global scope. For example, you should not do this, because the client assigned to global scope can continue using the old value of `SECRET_KEY` even after you update it in your Worker:

let client;

export default {
  async fetch(request) {
    if (!client) { client = new ApiClient(env.SECRET_KEY) }
    // ...
  }
}

Instead, you should either create a new client instance for each request:

export default {
  async fetch(request) {
    let client = new ApiClient(env.SECRET_KEY)
    // ...
  }
}

Or use the [AsyncLocalStorage API](/workers/runtime-apis/nodejs/asynclocalstorage/):

...example

```

Think clearer with code?

Reviewer 2: Or even, store the client in a global `Map` where the key is the env value(s) or hash thereof  🧠 

Just on the `AsyncLocalStorage` note, that's still only going to be per-request, so you'd still be creating "a new client instance for each request". Just would want to make that clear if we were providing code for that.

> However, this does mean that you must be careful when "polluting" global scope with derivatives of your bindings. For example, if you create an external client instance which uses a secret API key on `env`, you must ensure that you don't place this client instance in a global scope. If you do, the client instance might continue to exist despite making changes to the secret which is likely undesirable. Instead of polluting global scope, you should create a new client instance for each request, or, if you have more advanced needs, you may want to explore the [AsyncLocalStorage API](/workers/runtime-apis/nodejs/asynclocalstorage/) which provides another mechanism for exposing values down to child execution handlers.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
At the same time, be careful about which derivatives you add to the global scope. Anything you add might continue to exist despite making changes. For example, an external client instance uses a secret API key on `env`. If you put this client instance in a global scope and also make changes to the secret, the instance might continue to exist. The correct approach would be to create a new client instance for each request. Or - if you have more advanced needs - explore the [AsyncLocalStorage API](/workers/runtime-apis/nodejs/asynclocalstorage/), which provides another mechanism for exposing values down to child execution handlers.
```

}
```

> You can think of a binding as a permission and an API in one piece. With bindings, you never have to add secret keys or tokens to your Worker in order to access resources on your Cloudflare account — the permission is embedded within the API itself. The underlying secret is never exposed to your Worker's code, and therefore can't be accidentally leaked.

Reviewer 4: Is this "never have to" actually true? Are there cloudflare services for which there is no binding currently? I just always get nervous when I see absolute statements like this in docs.

As a result, you must be careful when "polluting" global scope with derivatives of your bindings. Anything you create there might continue to exist despite making changes to any underlying bindings. Consider an external client instance which uses a secret API key accessed from `env`: if you put this client instance in global scope and then make changes to the secret, a client instance using the original value might continue to exist. The correct approach would be to create a new client instance for each request.

The following is a good approach:

```ts
export default {
  fetch(request, env) {
    let client = new Client(env.MY_SECRET); // `client` is guaranteed to be up-to-date with the latest value of `env.MY_SECRET` since a new instance is constructed with every incoming request

    // ... do things with `client`
  }
}
```

Compared to this alternative, which might have surprising and unwanted behavior:

```ts

> let client = undefined;

Reviewer 4: nit: I would add a comment here like: `// DON'T DO THIS` to make it extra clear

export default {
  fetch(request, env) {
    client ??= new Client(env.MY_SECRET); // `client` here might not be updated when `env.MY_SECRET` changes, since it may already exist in global scope

    // ... do things with `client`
  }
}
```

> If you have more advanced needs, explore the [AsyncLocalStorage API](/workers/runtime-apis/nodejs/asynclocalstorage/), which provides a mechanism for exposing values down to child execution handlers.

Reviewer 4: Hmm.. I need to verify but is it possible that the environment/bindings can be reloading while a request is being processed? If for instance, the request is pending some async i/o, can the bindings be updated on the existing isolate while that i/o is pending? If it can, then even using `AsyncLocalStorage` to propagate the `client` in this example could potentially be problematic by propagating the binding as it existed before the update! The most reliable approach is likely to just access the binding in exactly the execution scope that it is used.
